CMR-7457: As an ECHO token client, I want information on how to obtain an EDL token (#1285)
nasa/Common-Metadata-Repository: search-app/docs/api.md

See the [CMR Client Partner User Guide](https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/CMR/CMR+Client+Partner+User+Guide) for a general guide to developing a client utilizing the CMR Search API.
Join the [CMR Client Developer Forum](https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/CMR/CMR+Client+Developer+Forum) to ask questions, make suggestions and discuss topics like future CMR capabilities.

### ECHO-Token Deprecation Notice

> CMR Legacy Services' ECHO tokens are getting deprecated soon. Please switch over to using EDL tokens and send them over the Authorization header. This document contains many mentions of ECHO-Token, which will soon be out of date. Instructions on how to generate an EDL token are [here](#https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/EL/How+to+Generate+a+User+Token)

Reviewer: Nitpick: phrasing

```suggestion
CMR Legacy Services' ECHO tokens will be deprecated soon. Please use EDL tokens and send them with the Authorization header. This document contains many mentions of ECHO-Tokens, which will soon be out of date. Instructions on how to generate an EDL token are [here](#https://wiki.earthdata.nasa.gov/display/EL/How+to+Generate+a+User+Token)
```
